♪Let's go real far♪
♪I should pack my bag first♪
♪We've got so much to see♪
♪If you really want♪
♪And you really do♪
♪I could go round the world
with you♪
♪I'll be there for you♪
♪Whatever you do♪
♪I'll be there with you♪
♪Ollie and Moon ♪
Abracadabra, abracacat!
Watch me pull a rabbit
right out of this hat!
One, two, three...
and... Ta-dah!
Nothing! I don't get it!
I've been waving my wand
over this hat for three hours--
-And 12 minutes.
-And not a rabbit has come out!
Hmm. Maybe it's the wand.
-Maybe it's broken.
-Yes! Of course!
That must be it!
Something's wrong with the wand.
Right, Ollie?
Well, I dunno, Moon.
You know, um...
I'm not so sure
I believe in magic.
-What?
-I just find it hard to believe
that waving a stick can make
amazing things happen.
But it can!
How can I prove it to you?
-How can I prove it to him?
-You could get a new wand.
One you can be sure will work.
That's a great brainstorm,
Stanley! Where?
How about at Merlin's cave?
Is that a store in town?
No. It's an actual cave
where Merlin,
this famous wizard guy
from legend, used to hang out.
-Nice beard.
-Nice hat.
He's one of the most famous
magicians ever.
A wand from that cave
would work for sure.
That's a great brainstorm,
Stanley. So it's settled!
I am taking you to...
-Er, where's the cave?
-England.
To England!
Whoo!
Whee!
Now arriving in England!
Yay!
Merlin's cave
is right by Tintagel Castle.
So keep a lookout.
It should be easy to spot,
'cause it's probably
a great big fancy castle
with magic sparkles
all around it!
Or could it be a big stone ruin
with mangy moss all around it?
[gasps]
I bet it's magical mangy moss!
Because this place
is definitely magic!
Whoa!
Magic, you say?
If it's magic you're looking for,
you've come to the right place!
Hi. We're Ollie and Moon.
Who are you?
I am Mighty Mysterious Martin,
the greatest magician
in all of England!
Nice to meet you!
Allow me to amaze you!
Watch me make a coin appear
behind your ear!
Like the one that just
fell out of your sleeve?
Er... What I meant to say was...
Watch me make a dove
fly out of my hat!
Brian! You were supposed
to stay in the hat
till I said the magic words!
Oh, I'm hopeless.
-No, you're not!
-It was a very good try!
No. I get too nervous.
I always mess up!
I'm giving up magic forever.
No, Martin, you can't!
Your wand is probably
just broken, like mine!
Really? You think so?
-Well...
-I'm sure of it.
Come with us and get a new one
in the most magical place
on Earth!
Look! This way!
Once I get my magic wand...
Ooh, the things
I'll pull out of my hat!
Like carrots!
Think bigger, Martin!
[gasps] Carrot juice!
Ooh! A carrot fountain!
Oh!
How about a 12-foot carrot pizza
in carrot sauce,
-with extra carrots?
-Oh!
[excited laugh]
That's it, Ollie!
Sounds like you're getting excited
-about the magic wand now.
-Moon,
I don't believe you'll find
a magic wand here.
But if you do and you pull
a 12-foot carrot pizza
out of your hat,
I promise you I will eat it.
Ah! Wow! Look at that! Wands!
I think those are just sticks,
not wands.
Then why is the light shining
right on 'em all magic-like?
Because we were meant
to find these!
Oh! What a magical moment!
Let's try them out!
I feel so magical and powerful.
Let's do something really cool.
I know!
Let's make that stream
over there come to us!
Abracadabra, abracadus,
make that water come to us!
-Water...
-Whoa!
These wands are awesome!
Did you see that, Ollie?
I don't think that was magic,
Moon.
Of course it was! You saw it!
No, I'm pretty sure it was the tide.
-The who?
-The tide.
The ocean
flows up onto the beach
at certain times of the day
all on its own.
-He doesn't believe.
-So sad.
But I know
how to convince you, Ollie!
Here! Try it yourself.
-Me?
-Yes! Then you'll see.
Well... OK, I guess.
But I need to try a trick
that could never happen
any way except by magic.
OK. Here goes nothing.
-Abracada...
-Wait, Ollie.
We have to close our eyes
and really, really concentrate!
OK. Abracadabra, abracadog,
turn this rabbit into a frog!
What?
-Oh, well. Didn't work.
-But, Ollie, Martin's gone!
-And look!
-Ah!
It worked!
It really, really worked!
M-m-m-magic?
I did real magic!
Yes! You turned Martin
into a frog with my magic wand!
Moon, you were right!
This is amazing!
Guess I'd better
change him back, though!
Oh!
-Oh, no! Martin!
-Come back!
Abracada... Abra...
Hey! Quit moving around! Wait!
[panting]
Whoa! Water!
-Where'd he go?
-[croaks]
That way!
-Now where is he?
-Uh, Moon?
Abracadabra, abracadabbit,
turn this frog
back into a rabbit!
Abracadabra, this isn't funny,
turn this frog
back into a bunny!
Abracadabra, abracada-dare,
turn this frog back into a hare!
-Why exactly are we doing this?
-Oh, hi, Martin.
What happened was,
Ollie here turned you into a frog,
and now we need to turn you
back into a rabbit,
but the wand's not working and,
you know, it's just...
BOTH: Martin? You're not a frog?
Well, no. Sorry I messed up
the magic trick.
But a seagull stole my wand,
and I had to chase after him
to get it back!
Oops! Better grab my hat, too!
So, Martin was never a frog?
-The wand never worked?
-I guess not.
And the water was just the tide?
-And my wand...
-Is just a stick.
I'm sorry, Moon. I think I'm
just as disappointed as you are.
OK! Now that I've got
my new magic wand back...
I, Mighty Mysterious Martin,
am ready to amaze you!
Watch as I perform the most
spectacular feats of magic
seen in these parts
since Merlin himself!
[excited murmurings]
I can't tell him. It's too sad.
You tell him.
[clears throat] Right.
So, Martin, there's something
I have to tell you.
Hold on!
First, just let me get that coin
out from behind your ear.
-Did you see that?
-Whoa!
Oh, nicely done.
But what I need
to tell you is...
Hold on! I think
there's something in my hat.
-I don't see anything.
-Really?
Try looking harder!
-Incredible!
-Wow! That was really good!
-Still, you should know...
-Keep looking!
-Whoa!
-Well done!
-Ollie, what's happening?
-I don't know.
I keep trying to tell Martin
that his wand's not magic,
but he won't stop doing
this amazing magic!
[gasps] Wait! Remember
what Martin said before,
a-bout being nervous?
-Moon,
do you think that wand
is giving him confidence?
Yeah! I think
it's helping him do the things
he was too nervous
to do before!
Then, in a way, Moon,
the wand is magic, isn't it?
Yeah!
Told ya I'd prove it to you.
-♪Opposites♪
-♪That's what we are♪
♪We can't give up♪
♪Give me a smile, say "cheese"♪
♪We're buddy, buddy,
sing it out and shout♪
♪You are my best friend,
we can work it out♪
♪Side by side, we're♪
♪Buddy, buddy,
sing it out and shout♪
♪Two friends together
is what it's all about♪
♪We can work it out♪
Um, Ollie? I was practising
pulling stuff out of my hat
and I have something
to show you!
You really need to get in here!
What is it? [gasps]
Whoa! Moon,
I don't know how you did it, but...
Watch closely as I,
the Amazing Ollie,
make this carrot pizza...
disappear! [chomps]
[giggles]
[lively music]